---
layout: post
title:  "Workshops are finalized!"
date:   2019-07-04 08:00:00
isStaticPost: false
---

*1. [Kubernetes 201](https://www.townscript.com/e/dodi19/booking)*
-------------------
**Abstract**

Once you learn Kubernetes Basics, you get excited to know more and would like to do a deep dive. But sometime it becomes just too overwhelming what Kubernetes can do. In this workshop we would simplify some of the advance topics like RBAC, Ingress, Storage Management, Monitoring etc and demonstrate them hands-on on Kubernetes cluster.

**Outline:**
* Quick review Kubernetes concepts
* Setup Kubernetes on Cloud
* Kubernetes Authentication process and Role Based Access Control
* Kubernetes Ingress
* Storage (volume) management with Kubernetes
* ConfigMap and Secret Management
* Deploy a sample micro-service application
* Monitoring the Kubernetes cluster using Prometheus
* Discussion about deploying Kubernetes in production
* Q & A

**Requirements**
* Basic knowledge of Kubernetes is required . Please complete https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-to-kubernetes course, if you are new to Kubernetes.
* Access to a laptop/system with a browser

-------------------
-------------------


*2. [Service Mesh](https://www.townscript.com/e/dodi19/booking)*
-------------------
**Abstract**

Generally one might assume that once we have deployed applications on one or more Kubernetes Clusters, everything is taken care. It is true for most cases with respect to application deployment but certaianly not true for application’s discovery and reachability; specially when they resides on different cluster or somewhere on cloud.

In this workshop we’ll first understand the challenges like service discovery, traffic management, fault tolerant, security, etc; which we run into as we enable commnication between different serivces and then cover how Service Mesh technologies like Envoy, Istio, Linkerd can help us to overcome them.

**Outline:**
Understanding challenges with Service to Service Communication
Exploring Envoy
Install Istio
Explore different Istio components and get familiar with different Istio concepts
Deploying a sample app
Setup Telemetry and Distributed Tracing
Traffic Control
Request Routing
Canary Deployments
Fault Injection
Policy Enforcement and Rate Limiting
Securing Communication between Microservices
Q & A
**Requirements**
Working knowledge of Kubernetes is required
Access to a laptop/system with a browser

**About the Trainer**

Neependra is the Founder and Principal Consultant at CloudYuga Technologies, which offers training and consulting services around cloud native technologies such as Kubernetes, Prometheus, Service Mesh, etc. He is an CNCF Ambassador and Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA). He is based out of Bengaluru, India.

Neependra authored Introduction to Kubernetes course on Edx for the CNCF, which has been taken by more than 65K participants. He also authored a book on Docker, Docker Cookbook in 2015 and co-authored a course on Cloud Infrastructure Technologies on edX for The Linux Foundation. He ran a Docker meetup group in Bangalore, India for more than 5 years and is very active in other meetups like Kubernetes, AWS, DevOps, etc.

Instructor Image
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1096399036658069509/NcHawEDA_400x400.png

**Co-Trainer**

Rahul is an open-source advocate, currently working as senior DevOps Engineer at E2open. He is interested in Distributed systems, believes in Infrastructure-as-a-code principal. Lately, working mostly on containers running scalable Kubernetes clusters on public cloud and bare-metal. Automates infrastructure using Chef, Ansible, Terraform etc. Hosts all “All things DevOps Podcast”. Organises Kubernetes Pune meetup and DevopsDays India.

Instructor Image
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1024547203937914880/cDcDhFYz_400x400.jpg